There are 4 types of bindings:
= means that we’re using a two-way data binding. This means that if you update that variable in your component scope, the change will be reflected on the parent scope;
< is for one-way bindings when we just want to read a value from a parent scope and not update it;
@ is for string parameters;
& is for callbacks in case your component needs to output something to its parent scope.

services
To use an Angular service, you add it as a dependency for the component (controller, service, filter or directive) that depends on the service.
reusable business logic independent of views

USING dependency injection

Components such as services, directives, filters, and animations are defined by an injectable factory method or constructor function. These components can be injected with "service" and "value" components as dependencies.

Controllers are defined by a constructor function, which can be injected with any of the "service" and "value" components as dependencies, but they can also be provided with special dependencies. See Controllers below for a list of these special dependencies.

The run method accepts a function, which can be injected with "service", "value" and "constant" components as dependencies. Note that you cannot inject "providers" into run blocks.

The config method accepts a function, which can be injected with "provider" and "constant" components as dependencies. Note that you cannot inject "service" or "value" components into configuration.


Controllers

the business logic behind views
Controllers are "classes" or "constructor functions" that are responsible for providing the application behavior that supports the declarative markup in the template.
The recommended way of declaring Controllers is using the array notation.

Module
a container for the different parts of an app including controllers, services, filters, directives which configures the Injector



-------Folder wise lesson ---------

pages

All the pages for route specify pages. See config/index.js how route are registered.

controller parameters are dependencies hich are injected by AngularJS injector service. They can be anything. But they are usually the services that will be used inside the controller.
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19238191/understanding-angular-js-controller-parameters

No body pass the params which are required by controllers
instead they all are dependency which are resolved when it is called based on services defined

Service components in ng
https://docs.angularjs.org/api/ng/service

Resource is the service which is used for 3rd party api call
https://docs.angularjs.org/api/ngResource/service/$resource
